- [Ketkee] So as we have seen,
they provide a clean and safe way
to execute concurrent tasks
within the context of the Java Enterprise.
It is integrated within the specification itself,
and hence, developers can be totally sure
to trust all the JEE 7 compliant servers
like JBoss, WebSphere, et cetera to implement this.
They need no additional libraries or frameworks
to be included and will work as intended out of the box.
The JSR specification has provided a base
for all future concurrency utilities
from Java's Standard Edition to be easily ported
to the Java Enterprise Edition,
thus keeping the platform future ready and self-contained.
So until we meet the next time, enjoy coding.